README.md, before:

# generator-ampx [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
> AMP (Accelerate Mobile Page) generator

## PLEASE DO NOT USE UNTIL VERSION REACH 0.5.X. THIS IS CURRENTLY UNDER HEAVY DEVELOPMENT. PUBLISH ONLY FOR TESTING PURPOSE

## Installation

```sh
  $ npm install --global generator-ampx
```

or

```sh
  $ yarn add global generator-ampx
```

## Usage

```sh
  $ mkdir directory_for_your_project && cd directory_for_your_project
  $ yo ampx
```

## License

MIT © [Joel Chu](joelchu.com)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/generator-ampx.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-ampx
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/joelchu/generator-ampx.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/joelchu/generator-ampx
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/joelchu/generator-ampx.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/joelchu/generator-ampx

Power by [nodex](https://github.com/NewbranLTD/nodex).

Commit message:

getting the gulp tasks ready

README.md, after:

# generator-ampx [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
> AMP (Accelerate Mobile Page) generator, development with gulp 4 and gulp-server-io

## PLEASE DO NOT USE UNTIL VERSION REACH 0.5.X. THIS IS CURRENTLY UNDER HEAVY DEVELOPMENT. PUBLISH ONLY FOR TESTING PURPOSE

## Installation

```sh
  $ npm install --global generator-ampx
```

or

```sh
  $ yarn add global generator-ampx
```

## Usage

```sh
  $ mkdir directory_for_your_project && cd directory_for_your_project
  $ yo ampx
```

## License

MIT © [Joel Chu](joelchu.com)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/generator-ampx.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-ampx
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/joelchu/generator-ampx.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/joelchu/generator-ampx
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/joelchu/generator-ampx.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/joelchu/generator-ampx

Power by [nodex](https://github.com/NewbranLTD/nodex).
